[Music]
holy [__] god damn here we are 2022
first episode of the year
face we just started andrew you're
starting off 2022 with a bang can you
believe it's already year three
is it no when does year three start uh
on the on the second anniversary of
faith
yeah so episode 104
can you believe it's almost year three
but we're already three episodes into
season three at this point man the time
flies computer freeze
frozen
is this
i'm is this a bit i don't can you i
don't think we wait can you can you hear
me or we hear you and you can you hear
us oh yeah it's just frozen my screen is
frozen i'm trying to print the law my
screen is frozen
it's just showing jeff talking and
nobody else lighting up so i thought i
froze again this is typically what
happens when i disconnect during the
show
uh are we
how many pages of the law have printed
out i don't know it's downstairs i'm
just assuming i'll just check in on it
you just sent the law to a different
room and it's just printing away turner
is downstairs i don't know what you want
from me i don't have a printer up here
like i can't send it what am i printing
it on in this room if i keep it in this
room what am i doing gavin well i don't
know you have a cure right in there so
who knows it's true that's a fair point
i can't argue that i don't like that i
can't see who's talking and when i feel
like i'm constantly frozen that's your
fault
first of all i wasn't saying no to you i
agree with you you're right eric this is
oh i'm back we're good never mind we're
fine it all froze we're good
i want to talk about a thing before i
forget because we should have mentioned
it last time because it's specific to
the one we recorded before
i immediately texted gavin this uh once
we we finished i completely
misunderstood the turkey sandwich story
i don't think i could see
i misinterpreted what was going on in
that image so badly
i said what you were laughing at was
potentially funnier than what happened
in my story it is quite pop i think you
can maybe make the case that my version
is funnier but makes absolutely no sense
in the logistics of how planes work or
or describing so where's that picture do
we still have it like yeah you
misunderstand the picture so i'm gonna
post the photo again
revisit
how do you misunderstand this i guess i
only speaking of gavin talking about his
peripheral vision failing him i feel as
though i only used my peripheral vision
to fully look at this photo
i only looked out
i only looked out your window i never
paid i never really i never i circled in
a giant red circle man
so this is how i experimented the photo
and maybe with your peripheral vision
you could do the same i was looking at a
window and to my right is a wall you're
facing a wall that's a wall with a hole
wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait what what
wait what
so i interpreted it as like you're
sitting at the front of the plane you're
at the front of whatever section you're
in
[Laughter]
we've got mice in the pantry
how is jack at our discord right now
we could so mess with jack because he's
not listening
yeah
we could do something like
yes
okay and then
were you waiting for one of us to have
an idea
i've had the idea
okay
i don't want to type that's the funniest
that what a [__] great idea you're a
goddamn genius
you're the funniest person i've ever met
that is the funniest [__] thing i
have ever seen in my entire life oh my
god
i was gonna post that later but the fact
that jack started typing in here was
just it made it the perfect time oh my
god do you want to explain what you just
posted
um well i kind of came in out of order
actually but i posted um
a picture of jack and his car then a
picture of his
who left
andrew left
okay
i posted a pic of a picture of jack's
car then i posted a picture of jack's
car key and then i put an arrow to under
his car seat and then i posted a picture
of a bag of cocaine
and a big picture of jack smiling next
to me
just so jack has to look at all these
pictures and assume that they're somehow
because i've been thinking about this
but didn't know the timing of it
or people would be mad
i liked the segment so much i can't take
it it's too funny
the sequence is great you're definitely
telling a narrative that jack is
smuggling cocaine
[Laughter]
oh
[Music]
the longer jack doesn't respond the
funnier it gets now i'm nervous that
he's
he's gonna be mad
that's what makes it so much better
next week on face
three pounds of cocaine are into my
coffee
oh man he got a jet out of jail free
card he's doing your idea he was
inspired
inspiration apologies for the
very visual gag there to the audience
but i assume we can somehow we'll throw
it a picture of it on instagram
um
the turkey thing
i viewed that as a wall
you're right okay so which okay go back
to this which is the where's the wall so
the window in front of you
i thought that was a wall
and not a window and i thought
but it's a window there's a [__] out of
it you can see out
and listen i understand this is really
dumb and i only learned this because i
was describing what had happened and
nobody knew what i was talking about i
assumed i'd created in my head that
because of kovid and wanting like
distancing that if you had a wall seat
they had like a little food hole to put
the food through
and so in my head
your version of the story you're looking
out that window and then they shoved the
turkey sandwich through the food hole
and that's what you got spooked at not
that it was just a reflection in the
window in front of you
you think he's in solitary confinement
they're shoving his food through a
[__] hole
i haven't been on a plane several years
at this point i don't know what's going
on
i had questions too about how this would
even work it didn't really make sense in
my head but that's how i used to
imagining some guy
getting blasted by the wind stood out on
the wing trying to shove turkey
sandwiches
into the first class cabin
obviously it was not outside i assumed
it would be like where the the
attendance would be there's a wall and
there's the natural barrier sometimes
there's a toilet on that wall on the
other side of it and i assume that they
had a food hole for the wall so you
didn't have to be near the person to
give them their turkey sandwich
so what i was saying about how the
reflection and like the optical illusion
what
i don't understand which part you
thought i thought was the plane we do
you think i was just looking at
someone's hand come through the hole
with a turkey sandwich and that looked
like a plane
all right okay
i think you've stumped them oh yeah yeah
today is a technical nightmare i went
into achievement hunter
nothing worked i was there for two hours
filmed nothing had to leave are you
serious to come home and
film my video which is now like being
rushed and that broke too no this
doesn't work do you think it's you oh
yeah too many coincidences right i got
good coin luck but technically
oh man
dude i cannot wait to see how jack
handles this it is gavin that is really
the funniest [__] thing to me i don't
know why it's just oh
god that's the best how long you been
holding on to that
uh
i came up with it last night
nice
look at you coming up with ideas that's
awesome do you think
i mean
the goal is to make it seem like you
didn't plan a bunch of stuff right where
it's more spontaneous
yeah
are you giving a little peer behind the
curtain i write
it down
no i write it down but the way the way i
bring it up is often like if it's near a
conversation i can just pluck from the
list and it seems yeah yeah less like
i'm stopping the conversation to come up
with something
i can totally agree
what are you on now well
my computer's still frozen i have bits
stop printing the law well okay i've
stopped i don't well how okay i stopped
the print has stopped my computer still
frozen
i plugged my xbox headset into my phone
i'm now talking into my microphone for
recording the show
i'm talking into two mics right now but
i can hear you through until i unfreez i
think i've been froze
i think you're okay
sorry it sounds like it sounds like
you're calling me from a season one red
versus blue recording
i made that show
i know like one coach yeah okay am i
unfrozen i'm unfrozen i'll be i'm going
to swap i'm going to swap back i'll
do you think be
going to have any problems editing this
or you think it's just going to be
pretty straight and narrow
[Laughter]
easy-peasy
dude
[Laughter]
2022 is off to a [__] start for nick man
oh
so
oh are you back andrew
i'm good i'm back sorry about that we're
all good
which part did you hear me ask you about
uh
some
did you did you think i got scared by a
guy's hand coming through a hole and not
a reflection
okay well i missed it it froze again i
missed oh my god
what do you say sorry i was gonna do a
bit but it actually happened
stop i just don't care enough about the
answer to ask you again okay did you
think that i got scared
by a guy's hand with a turkey sandwich
in it yes coming through a hole instead
of the reflection of that behind me
exactly i thought that you got scared by
somebody shoving a turkey sandwich
through a hole unexpectedly and you just
saw a movement
and that's right
i mean i may have not described it very
well i was worried about that at the
time because it's it without the visual
you had the picture though
you did you described it exceptionally
clearly it was fine
my dumb brain just i decided that was a
wall
and that was facing you and that that
was a food hole and that planes now have
food holes since i've last gotten
unplugged i made a lot of leaves but
don't you think i would have mentioned
the phrase food haul
yeah you probably wouldn't i wish you
guys could have seen the room when i was
trying to describe the food hole to the
place i think i opened with you know how
planes now have
my these
the thing like you did a great job the
thing you didn't account for is that
andrew doesn't understand planes
i don't understand planes and i
apparently don't see because we had the
same issue with the break [__] thing
where i was like there's nobody in the
stands on that card and then the people
like what are you talking about that's
the full arena my eyes just don't work
oh oh yeah yeah i had so much fun on
that last break [__] the one with the
[__] stick break [__] that was that i
feel like that show is really coming
into its own
uh
one of the things that we we're
i was i was saying in the last podcast
in 2022 i want to i want to go into
sports in a big way i think one of the
ways i want to do that is that idea that
we we
uh officially announced on the break
show which is that we i want to create
the infinity towel right which is uh you
know you guys have long made fun of me
for having a a baseball or basketball
card that has a swatch of marcus smart's
game worn game game-used towel
uh and it says uh tools of the trade
which you think is ridiculous that a
towel could be a tool
uh and you know i we had the idea and it
might have actually been your idea from
the beginning andrew uh but we had an
idea to to get as many different pieces
of towels from as many different nba
players as possible and create like the
most talented towel of all time the goat
of towels the infinity towel with like
lebron james and kobe bryant and steph
curry and you know jason tatum and and
nikola jokichin all the best players and
then we just sew it together and make
this like patchwork uh
quilt towel of power as it were it was
an idea that
like arranged
i didn't know the towel cards existed i
didn't know that was such a dumb thing
that could even possibly exist i wanted
to do it says food hole guy yeah
originally yeah well i mean that's
listen
that's my stupid idea that's my i would
never because of the trade towel card
that's absurd
talented towel
nice nick
there are cards too of like i there's a
whole set of adam sanders
he's cutting out again this sucks
this [__] this blows
he needs to stop the prince did he
actually stop he's still printing the
law
we're bordering on not having a second
episode here we have too many more of
these [__] problems
nick is a tremendous editor but he can
only do so much he can't invent audio
that doesn't yeah
he can't create a show out of sackcloth
and ashes unfortunately
oh yeah yeah maybe you could maybe you
could do andrew for
pickups
well gav do you wanna do you wanna just
oh no he's back
is he back
you guys uh
when are you going out of town kev
borrow or something god damn it
yeah do you think his c drive's full
well yeah because uh the pre the the law
is a very it's a thick document so i
would think that saving that unless he
just printed it from a browser which is
more insane
it's like all of his cpu you said just
loading the law in a web browser 100
cpu devoted to the lock
google chrome
am i back
oh boy in a big way you're back i think
i'm back oh yeah [__] is your
computer full
is everyone quiet is this oh my god
can you not hear me can you imagine you
hear me can you imagine i genuinely
can't hear you i'm so sorry i'll leave
and i'll come back it's 20 22.
you're like i'm gonna start the new year
off right i wanna i wanna start fresh
i'm gonna i'm gonna pick up a new
podcast maybe something that's been
recommended to me or maybe i'll just
search around for my relative interest
oh face right yeah i'll give this a shot
i'll i might as well just start with the
most recent episode just start 2022 off
as they are in 2022. this would be the
last episode you ever listened to
this might ruin podcasts for you as a
whole if you listen to this
geez
andrew
no oh god
this is really something
are you just being quiet now on purpose
oh i'm back now i'm
back mean i'm so sorry you're not back
you're cutting out you idiot
you mean i'm cutting out what do you
want what i mean
i'm kind of you know what he means
no i don't
delete the lord
last time i froze up i was just going to
my tab with notes just go to my notes
tab don't do anything do nothing we
okay i'm not going to touch a thing can
we just use your mouse
no hands can we go to the next season
can we just change seasons at this point
i feel like this season's already lost
can we move to whatever season three
season four whatever we're on i think we
got a gc i mean i'm so sorry yeah yeah
we can
we could this could be the last episode
let's swap seasons yeah season three was
horrendous but don't move in this
episode it has to be next episode we
need to clean you right i can't do a
mid-episode season switch because that
happened on an episode
midway through
all right well now we've got to do it
because it's because it's groundbreaking
because you're doing [__] that nobody's
ever thought of before
and that's the moment season three year
two of face ended congratulations you've
made it all the way to season four year
two of face episode one season four year
two face overall episode 84 and a half i
guess at this point is where we are
maybe
yeah
we may be tainting season four as well
um but i think it was worth doing just
to be
a mid-episode switch of seasons
i feel bad for season three i feel like
season three had a lot of opportunity
had a lot of good momentum and then it
just got bogged down with with uh
technical problems that that it's gonna
make it look in the grand scheme i think
it's gonna be overlooked as a season but
for what it was two and a half episodes
or whatever i think it was really strong
it was like a season of luther or
something sure you could probably submit
the entire season to an award show or
something like best season because it
was strong
brief
yeah strong and brief yeah
it was a very british great point
because they they always submit like
just one or two episodes from a show
those are word things we could genuinely
do the entire season season three is
fully up for nomination i will say is
since we started season four uh your
your audio has been phenomenal andrew
yeah yeah that's what i said we gotta
god damn it oh but are you serious
no
he must be messing with us you can't
ruin season four two you killed season
three you can't kill season four in the
woods it's it's in the cradle still it
hasn't even taken its first breath yet
it's eyes aren't open you can't kill it
now
we might we might have to go back to
season three i don't know that this
isn't that can't you can't do that this
is you can't go backwards i mean it's
like i just don't think that season four
ever got off its feet and now look at
where we're at like this is
oh my god
this is like a season three post mortem
we might just have to put a bullet in
season four and start over again with
season five holy [__]
no
no we can rescue season four i'm so
sorry
what are you doing he wasn't doing
anything i was just sitting at a screen
and everything froze
my computer sucked
i stopped printing the law like an hour
ago
i'm wearing two sets of headphones
i don't know well i i don't know
i don't know what to do
i'm talking into two microphones right
now
what do you want from me i'm trying
legend like legible audio something
this is andrew
oh
man
[Music]
but then there's going to be double
audio and so i can
his original file is still running and
recording his mic gavin zero i don't
know what nick is going to do
here we go what do you mean
is this this
it's the same mic i just put the
headphone out and i'm just i'm talking
into it like a phone it's the same it's
the phone but i removed my xbox mic it
sounds so much better yeah this is good
no it's not good it's not good it is not
good but it sounds better
okay
i don't i'm still this might have to be
the final episode
this might be where this all ends
well because i have plans for 2022 i
want to talk about an idea
andrew do you want to i want to end on
my ideas so andrew do you want to cover
what you wanted to talk about
no it's go ahead you talk about your
idea i'll be here i'll just be quietly
listening all right support you well
here's the deal 2022 new year fresh
start right we just started season four
we put season three to bed a little
earlier than i anticipated by about
50 episodes uh but whatever that's it i
have no interest in looking in the
rearview mirror let's move always
marching forward that's what we do right
uh we're going to advance towards future
victory so
season 3 was forcibly put down nick said
yeah jesus christ it's like old yeller
we took it around the back behind the
barn and
put two between the eyes
[__] hell
uh it had rabies yeah
we had to cut its head off just to make
sure
uh otherwise billy's going to get a
series of shots
we got
[Laughter]
hey thank you so much for listening to
face a extremely chaotic episode i
apologize
uh i would not recommend attempting to
download and print the law while
recording a show
i would however recommend using
expressvpn because using the internet
without expressvpn is like leaving your
laptop exposed at the coffee shop table
while you run to the bathroom
most of the time you're probably fine
but what if one day you come out of the
bathroom and your laptop's gone
i think everyone could use a vpn because
every time you connect to an unencrypted
network cafes hotels airports any hacker
on the same network can gain access to
your personal data whether that be
passwords financial details really any
information that is personal to you that
you wouldn't want shared it also doesn't
really take much knowledge to know how
to hack someone i mean a kid could do it
if they wanted to
your data is valuable hackers can make
up to a thousand dollars per person
selling personal info on the dark web
there's clearly incentives to do so
there's a clear motivation and i i think
it's just important to use or why i
would use expressvpn is the fact that
they offer an encrypted tunnel which
creates a secure encrypted tunnel
between your device and the internet
hackers can't steal your sensitive data
super secure it take a hacker with a
super computer over a billion years to
get past expressvpn's encryption it's
easy to use you just fire up the app and
click one button to get protected works
on all devices whether it be phones
laptops tablets and more so you can stay
secure on the go what i really like
about expressvpn is that it's it's so
easy to use as well as it just gives a
level of comfort
um i'm not doing a lot of traveling
right now but just in general it's a
great thing to have even if you're not
as i said the ease of use is awesome and
it's just
i'm somebody who can worry about
anything so just not having to think
about that or worry about my data or my
personal information
is awesome secure your online data today
by visiting
expressvpn.com
face that's e-x-p-r-e-s-s-vpn
dot com slash face and you can get an
extra three months free expressvpn.com
this episode is also sponsored by
hellofresh america's number one meal kit
the new year is a great time to focus on
what's most important to you whether
it's saving money by ordering less
takeout which is something i'm
personally trying to do learning to cook
or prioritizing your wellness hellofresh
is here to help with endless options to
make cooking at home simple and
enjoyable hellofresh delivers
pre-portioned ingredients to your door
including farm fresh produce that
arrives within a week so you can get the
convenience without skimping on quality
skip the trip to the grocery store
saving you the weight in long holiday
lines and ensuring you don't waste money
on excess food which is the worst
hellofresh also offers the flexibility
you need to easily customize your online
order or in the app easily change your
delivery day food preferences and plant
size or skip a week whenever you need to
i personally love hellofresh because i
just think it's so much fun to get the
box of food you open it up you get
recipes you know it's going to be
delicious
you know it's they're relatively quick
to make i think most of them are like 20
to 30 minutes in my experience
they're consistently great
and it's just such a fun and unique way
to kind of expand your palette to try
new things as well as just being able to
keep the recipes so
if you want you can make them later down
the road they're great recipes
it's such an easy way to approach
cooking if you're just starting and the
entire experience i just think is so
much fun uh if you would like to take
advantage of our offer go to
hellofresh.com
face 16 and use code face 16 for up to
16 free meals and three free gifts thank
you so much i hope you enjoy the rest of
this episode
so we've done really well for ourselves
we created an unsearchable unsellable
unnameable podcast about less than
nothing and we've achieved all like an
incredible amount of success in that
endeavor and i'm i'm floored by it it's
a testament to how talented you all are
it's a testament to how supportive the
comment leavers uh and the regulation
listeners are uh but i i feel like we've
hit a plateau and i want to figure out
how to break into that next echelon to
keep growing to keep innovating and
getting better because we're changing
the world here right through this
podcast and so i was thinking like what
can we do that what can we take on
that's bigger that maybe is more
momentous that could have
some sort of a an effect that that
improves the the state of things in some
way and then it hit me
we and i was also looking at what's
popular on other podcasts and stuff
i think face in 2022 we need to solve a
murder
[Music]
that's what all the true crime podcasts
are doing they're all out there solving
murders why don't we find
and solve a crime or a murder
we could do it right
we've got the regulation listeners
andrew's got a spreadsheet of
multi-talented people we're relatively
smart we've got reach and influence why
don't we solve a crime a mystery and
then we'll and it will that just got me
imagining what if there's another
podcast out there trying to solve the
child kicker problem
oh my god
oh my god i'll be right back oh my god
jeff why did you accidentally eat
pastrami
now we've lost jeff i think we
i think we may have found the murder
what is going on
what is the murder jeff did the dog i
think murder might be jeff was that his
bit where he's like oh my god he's
he's the victim he's forcing us to solve
his murder no i'm not i'm not gonna fall
for this clue dinner party [__] he's
not he is fine
this is a game no you talking about me
no what happened was i was taking a
drink of diet dr pepper right when gavin
made that joke about the vancouver child
kicker and i threw up in my mouth
i i laughed so hard and i shot dr pepper
into my eyeball and i had to run to the
bathroom to dry off because i i shot out
like a half of dr pepper all over the
mic all over my phone my pants oh it was
and it was immediate we thought you were
doing a bit where it's like guys we
should solve a murder oh no someone with
a knife
no no but your wit was very sharp okay
say that
[Laughter]
anyway uh
yeah this is something unhinged is a
great way to put it eric uh so anyway if
the audience is aware of any murders
that need solvent uh let us know we'll
look into it you know no don't send us
any murders
we don't need any murder information
keep that to yourself or contact the
authorities we don't need to get
involved in murder army of murder
finders
yeah well i mean that we want a cold
case right we want to like a btk type
thing we don't want to oh yeah i'm not
looking it has to be well established we
want something
what if we finally solved the zodiac
killer wouldn't that be cool for our
podcast what a feather
didn't they just do that i feel like
that's the bad example i thought they
just solved that
yeah but what if it wasn't us what if it
was us that's what i'm saying
what if what if we were what if we were
the [__] uh
what's his name's wife rest her soul oh
pat oswald pat nelswell yeah yeah only
murder only murders in the dark is that
what that was called yeah it was [__]
phenomenal there's something like that
yeah uh
what it sounds to me like i need to
start printing the law again is what
you're saying i need to get back into it
get to the fine details i could be a
details guy for this laughing let me
start back up i only got like i don't
know 700 more people no maybe wait let's
wait until after the podcast and then
maybe you can print the law okay
as long as i get to print the lot at
some point i'm okay with it i don't know
what you guys want to do in 2022 but i
wouldn't i wouldn't be opposed i
wouldn't be opposed to becoming sleuths
if we solved the mystery of some kind it
would not be shocking to me
that that could happen that seems
yeah
why don't you press print on the law how
many pages did it say it was going to do
i i just clicked
what cup you got to be kidding me did he
go again did he just was he doing it in
real time
did he click print
did he click print on the law again
he was like well i did this
i'll tell you one thing
if we might have to solve if this
happens a couple more times in this
episode
somebody might have to solve the murder
of andrew pan
we can't even solve why his stuff
doesn't work and you want to solve
murders
this is something i'm looking at the
time on our recording but i'm also
looking at the time the separate clock
in my head of how much real content we
have
oh we're four minutes into the second
yeah
we got sev we got seven okay minutes
right like
we got like 18 decent minutes i'd say at
least 19. i gotta argue a strong 19.
did you repeat your question gavin i
missed it at frozen in the middle middle
you're you're asking page count
how many pages was the law i was
wondering i was wondering if the light
is different if you could climb the law
like if you couldn't reach a light bulb
but you but the law was thick enough to
climb to change it like could you make
the the law useful in other ways that's
a great question how tall i would be
with that how tall is the law
is is like the only thing i need to be
in the nba the law if i could just stand
on the law would i then become like a
genuinely decent center in the nba in
addition if you burned the law in a
fireplace in 8k could you burn it for
eight hours and if so would people watch
it
this podcast feels like we had it in one
piece at the beginning it smashed and
we're all four of us on our hands and
knees like turning over pieces of it
like reading off it like you know what
it's like yeah it's like that japanese
art where they like smash a bowl and
then they put it back together and then
they outline the breaks in gold right
and then it's supposed to show like new
beauty and in the preservation and the
reconstruction of it we're doing that
but we're all out of gold so we're using
feces
can we can we upload this podcast but
change the logo for this one episode to
a smashed window with
[Laughter]
well that was that that was my uh my
clip for for 2022. i want to i want to
solve a crime uh andrew what do you want
to do in 2022 other than um buy a
[__] computer that works uh well let
me go to my notes i gotta load my notes
on no do it don't do it oh no well i'm
already frozen i'm on my phone it's fine
okay uh
let's see and we may have covered uh
the home alone
i wanted to talk about home alone with
you jeff you recommended home alone oh
my god a new one i recommended holmes a
new home alone the led over a rob
home alone yes
recommended it watched it last night it
was
it was not terrible but i don't why
would you recommend that move i thought
it was cute and okay no it was it
started they there are so many i like
the the mcu the involvements of the mcu
i like i thought that was a great
agreement
i told you it makes total sense and it
feels like you get it and you go that's
enough i i appreciate it the fact that
the fact that you find out spoiler so if
you if you don't want to get spoilers
from an okay movie uh don't listen to
this part but the fact that kevin
mcallister is still [__] with his
brother after all these years is really
[__] funny i enjoyed that and i like
the idea that kevin mcallister
created like a home alarm empire and
he's like the home alarm guy that he has
a system i just didn't know who to root
for in the movie you root for rob
delaney and ellie kemper not the kid the
kids obnoxious you don't care about the
kid you root for the criminals in this
one that's that's what makes this one
different i feel like is that the
criminals are the main characters and
and the sympathetic characters but it
still has all of the horrendous traps
and stuff in it that is supposed to be
the fun of the final
last act yeah i don't care who gets hurt
i just want to see people get hurt
i just felt confused i didn't know i
didn't know who to cheer for i felt like
it took away from the traps i didn't
want them to get hurt or as opposed to
the first film they're such great dumb
villains that it's just every time
something horrible happens you can cheer
for it
felt very totally weird did kevin
mcallister's parents ever
find out what happened to him while he
was home alone that's a great question i
think if they had the second movie
couldn't have happened right why would
he keep that from them i don't know but
why would they at least don't tell them
why would they ever let him leave their
sight again i mean he almost died a
bunch they were gonna kill him he also
cleaned up all the mess except for the
gold tooth yeah that's true how did that
not get swept up yeah eric's leaving now
at least he at least he's letting us
know i'm just stepping away for a second
i'll be right back i will cut this out
leave it in can we have it
what
we have a podcast where every single
cast member doesn't leave at one point
well can you not be so funny you make me
throw up on myself
i just i just have to i finished a cup
of coffee i have to piss and i'm just
you guys are talking about homeowner six
or whatever i'll be right back you know
you don't say anything ninety percent of
the time why would you even put the
talent i tell nick i let nick know and i
figured this was easier i always let
nick know when i'm stepping away and
next time i'll just let men know and i
won't let you know
nick do you need to okay do you need to
take a break any point nick are you good
well he's typing
[Laughter]
nick says you picked a hell of a time to
do that and i'm good i will say one
thing that kind of annoys me about this
home alone thing i get that it's not a
great movie i just said i enjoyed it i
thought it was cute i really i enjoyed
getting a piece of that world again i
think the thing that's funny is all the
[__] that you know that you and people
are talking about me on twitter when
it's very clear to me they haven't seen
the movie they think they're talking
about home alone three and they're not
like i had some kid go the other day
some kid was like was like yeah i've
known that movie sucked since i was 12
and i'm like the movie came out like
november 15th
you cannot rule out that they've turned
13 jeff you can't roll it out
but it's become very clear to me that
people don't know what movie we're
talking about i get i looked it up it's
got a 13 on rotten tomatoes like it's
not well reviewed but i don't think it's
nearly as bad as the as the heat that
it's getting is it home alone five is it
technically the fifth or the sixth one
uh it's either five or six they
definitely made four i think it's five
or six okay i remember three being one
of those three being like not as good
but watchable at least yeah three wasn't
great yeah
it was an interesting experience to
watch because i started it and then i
tweeted are you [__] with me jeff or
something along the lines to jeff
because it starts horribly it's a really
shitty beginning to a movie and then by
about like the halfway point i almost
wanted to tweet an apology because it's
not good but it's it's not the worst
and i could see myself being nine and
really enjoying this movie yeah and then
the last act happened and the last act
was terrible i hated the last act as
well not the worst thing ever but it
just i would never it's a weird
recommendation i thought it was a good
holiday movie i'm glad i recommended it
that's fair
that's fair i mean
what about it's weird there's some snl
cameos in it that are very strange that
i don't understand why like they're not
big enough names to have a reaction to
and they're only in it once well do you
wanna do you wanna know why i think it
was written by mikey day from snl oh i
think it was i think it was co-written
by him if i'm if i'm correct so it's
from snl alum
in some way so i think i think that's
the connection there oh there's [__]
dr pepper on my keyboard
[Laughter]
i wish dr pepper on my keyboard was my
biggest computer problem at the moment
i'd take that i feel like it's your
doing though i don't i don't
even interestingly so mikey day and
streeter from collegehumor wrote that
movie oh i used to love those uh prank
wars prank wars videos yeah yeah those
are fun and some of them were brutal
like the skydiving one jesus christ god
or the [__] or the proposal at yankee
stadium
they got real
they escalated fast that was a great
series if you're not familiar with like
or i guess early to mid 2000's college
humor videos they had a series called
prank wars where this dude streeter who
was like a trying to be a stand-up
comedian and then this dude amir uh who
you might remember from jake and emir uh
they would do these escalating prank
wars and there was one where amir
uh put a paid to get a
a wedding proposal on yankee stadium
from streeter to his girlfriend and
didn't tell them and then he gave
streeter and his girlfriend free tickets
to the game and then secretly recorded
it when it popped up like in the seventh
inning and his girlfriend thought he was
really proposing and all the cameras and
everybody looked to them and he had to
be like no i'm not and it was
[__] brutal it was a great series
yeah i don't know i feel like it's tough
to like when the punchline of the prank
is you think you're gonna die
that's tough
prank what do you weigh
i should rewatch this oh that was so
good or the one where he made him think
he uh he hit the half court basketball
shot with his face
i briefly played mario kart with amir
for a few nights and uh all of our we
weren't talking we didn't have like
voice chat so all of our dm's to each
other are just like in the moment
messages about that particular mario
kart race so our dm's make absolutely no
sense
that's [__] funny
uh
andrew are you still able to talk
um
eric you done pissing do you want to be
andrew while he's gone every time he
drops yeah i've been back for a while
this episode has made me feel weird i
feel
weird i feel different i feel like a
different person i just don't know what
you do like i don't wh this all started
because he wanted to print the law
not even in this episode now we're in
the situation that we're in i know what
you mean i don't i wouldn't say i feel
weird but i don't feel good
nick said that this is the writer's
strike episode equivalent and i couldn't
agree more with he said that
season three is typically a good season
and then now we're into season four and
it's really falling apart um
it's genuinely hard to get worse at
something that you do all the time but i
think we've proven that possible time
and time again
andrew
oh my god
i'm
we might have to create some official
face laws about how we conduct ourselves
during and what the things we're allowed
to do in the periphery while we're
recording
oh my god do you know those two you know
the law now
no it's
upstairs
i
you know in all the movies when a robot
is being destroyed and right at the last
minute that's talking like
voice boxes all broken you sound like a
dying robot from any movie right now
still your house 2001.
your ass for aliens
well here's the thing you sound better
now but i know as soon as we say that
you're going to drop out again so yeah
i'm not touching anything i haven't
touched anything for a while i'm scared
nick said
between
2021 and 2022.
he's stuck between seasons it's a
problem he's still got one foot in
season three yeah we've left that behind
andrew
well at least we're not stepping over
each other
what do you want to do for the next
eight minutes or so before we can stop
this eric what have you got for this
week uh let me think what do we uh we
got the we have some really interesting
merchandise coming out i have to sell
stuff just well you know what if you go
in general like what's
what are you looking forward to in 2022
eric
um
you know i'm looking forward to some of
our podcasts going on tour not this one
but other podcasts
going on tour
looking forward to traveling
is
oh no this one's allowed but trying to
coordinate to
to get it on tour has been um
increasingly difficult uh it's gonna
happen it's gotta happen is it i mean
i'd love for it to happen
it's gonna have to happen it's gonna
have to happen in vancouver we're gonna
have to go to andrew and it needs to
happen i don't give a [__] about doing
the podcast on tour i don't give a [__]
about doing it in front of an audience
or any of that stuff what i care about
is crabbing i care about bathtub races i
care about all the stuff we're gonna
film when we go to canada this the
podcast tour is just an excuse to get us
together so that we can film [__] in
canada well i was told that the original
idea of going to canada for this podcast
tour is not doable so the earliest we
could do it maybe 2023 but
[Laughter]
so
we can but we can try to go to canada
otherwise yeah we've got so much to do
yeah we gotta have dinner that's right
we gotta find andrew's house
well
if we go to vancouver or whatever to go
record with andrew we have to bring
a lot of equipment because there's no
way we can use [__] anything that
andrew has well we won't be tripping
over the law just to get in oh no
i'm so sorry we have to film a fireplace
video in vancouver
yeah if this wasn't free i would be
giving everyone a refund this podcast
you know what audience i'm going to give
you a free fund
you didn't pay anything but i but but
i'm giving you it's a free it's it's a
it's an emotional thing i'm giving you a
little
it's a yeah it's now your time
that's gone you we can't give you that
can't do anything about that yeah
but just know that we wasted potentially
more of it making this than you did
listening to it
oh it's we're getting the cakes out for
the tuxedo right now it's all that
matters oh my god it's never gonna
be good i will say if that goes
flawlessly if we record and the tuxedo
works and we have no technical issues
i'm jumping out a window i'll flip i'll
[__] flip do we have the tech worked
out for the tuxedo
i assume we'd all just be watching at
the same time on our own feet let's just
sync up
i think that i can host it i'll just get
you guys a program that's very easy so
you can view my screen in real time uh
yeah that'd be good because i'm doing it
over discord because i don't trust
whatever andrew just said andrew's gonna
sit on his remote jeff's gonna spit dr
pepper on his it's gonna be a mess if
we're having to sync is gonna be a whole
thing
are we afraid of like tuxedo audio bleed
coming in to our commentary or anything
i don't care just wear your headphones
and you'll be fine
okay should we the the episode that's
just come out this week was i think the
first episode of season three should we
just tweet and tell everyone that season
three is over already
i can't say what can't say why
but season three isn't season three is
ended season three got two and the two
behind the eye
yeah we should this one's coming
together though i think we've got a
significant amount
i think this is a fine i mean why am i
[__] talking i don't know what
happened for 80 of the show i'm the
least
i can't evaluate this you're talking
play catch up [__] we need your
word count gavin and i are out of juice
according to audacity i've been
recording for 18 minutes so what uh
what what
what you've been oh poor
[Music]
what do you niche
also we should probably talk about
something that andrew told me in
confidence about last week's recording
oh yeah what's that
is that true even gonna object to this
is even here i don't think he's here
anymore yeah so you can just do it he'll
never hear this
[Laughter]
now he just says he's typing
[Music]
jeff when you pitched wait
i understood i'm going to go set the law
on god fire fix [__]
oh my god
he can't even type straight
screenshot that
i quit
fire thick [__] is jack doing is jack
doing a read of this of what this
episode is because it's insane because
in the middle of everyone going no
andrew stop it's just nick linking to
home alone the holiday highest
and there's some stuff about his car at
the top
oh my god andrew admitted to me last
week that while he was recording he for
some reason had to stop recording for
like a minute
and then just resumed
his file
so
without even mentioning it to nick so
that he knew that the edit would go out
of sync
nick said that explains a lot
so i guess his file just skipped forward
and
and i was like well you got to tell him
he's like i can't bring myself to tell
him
nick how did that go for you what did
you have to figure out i should have
just told you shouldn't i i had the
information
you're part of the problem
nick probably missed a [__] milestone
with this kid because he had to spend
extra time editing
yeah nick what happened i looked up and
there was this huge desync and i was
like oh and usually it's by like a
quarter of a second but instead it was
like by 10 he started laughing at
nothing like it was just silence and
then him laughing into the void
it was super bizarre so finally i
figured out what he did or i figured i
was like oh his computer is just stupid
so i backed it up but now that i know
that's his computer yeah his computer
messes look at today
we uh
i think we this might be the hardest
we've faced ourselves in a while oh big
time which 18 minutes do you think
andrew has
he's got a lot he's got 18 minutes of
him going well i think
we should take andrew's raw recording
from today and press that up to vinyl
and just give that to people
i just came back and heard 30 seconds
great andrew [__] awesome
25 minutes ago why wouldn't he do it oh
my god how is this better than the two
minutes it would take to reboot and
restart oh man this is incredible is the
law preventing a reboot maybe
yeah
can the episode be i'm gonna set the law
on gaia
it's against it's against the law to
stop the law during printing
oh
oh i got one piece of uh just a minor
housekeeping uh because i know you guys
are so [__] concerned about my
physical health uh i got the results of
my x-rays back on my
my hips
sorry i can't i'm not just looking for
andrew's
screams like this
what didn't like it one bit no no bib
you [__]
bella hadid watch we got to ignore
andrew for a sec i listen to x the x-ray
results what what happened
well they were brief there was i got a
very quick email that just said nothing
on x-rays however
you do have arthritis in your spine and
i don't know what that means that's all
he said he just said i'm like i guess i
gotta [__] i was like okay so i guess
i need to make a follow-up or something
but you're in your voice trying to feed
the dogs well i already have arthritis
in my shoulder we that's well documented
from when from the bash and the freeze
yeah and my my spine so i'll take that
as good news awesome so well just real
quick just top i'm just thinking like
top of mind stuff or whatever
uh throwing 80 still or what's up well
that's a great question that would be a
big part of 2022 right i'm definitely
off on my timeline
i don't think i'm gonna get there in my
90-day window or whatever because i
haven't been able to i mean you know get
on a bicycle or lift and like it's been
rough
but now that i know that structurally my
hips are fine and i'm just dealing with
arthritis in my spine uh i mean it
doesn't change the fact that i have a
lot of pain still in that leg so i guess
i gotta figure that out but uh at least
i know there's nothing
like structurally wrong so i take it all
as good as a good sign that i can get
back to my training now i'm gonna i'm
gonna attempt to ride a bike for the
first time in
over a month this weekend and we'll see
how that goes and then if that goes well
then i'm gonna start throwing heat this
is the bike that pedals for you yeah
it's the sitting part that's hard okay
not the pedaling part got it gotta gotta
get i got it got it got it okay that
makes sense anyway
and then i'm sure andrew has a lot he
wants to say now so take it away yeah
andrew go ahead
just whatever so he typed
we'll have to screenshot that right
we'll have to screenshot that and
yeah one day this discord chat will make
a tremendous book oh so jack has to read
through all this too so that's pretty
exciting i wonder if he's gonna be able
to even do a preview or it's just gonna
say the episode exploded like what's he
gonna say about this
it's a great question he also said this
is the perfect episode to introduce a
new person to the do you think so i mean
i guess it is the letter of the i mean
it's it's within the spirit of the name
the
what does it say about us that we
actually put this one out
what does it say we have zero quality
control oh yeah that we have other that
we have other things to do that we ran
out of hours to make anything else
yeah
andrew's not even here anymore he's just
why
doesn't he reboot have we have anyone
he's one of the main hosts he does the
intro sometimes
sometimes he does that he did add this
yeah which i appreciated because i
couldn't get to it
well i [__] dude i guess we should stop
don't you have to go play video games or
something gav you have to play
participation machine or something i
have to go to an arcade and do a bit of
fun yeah sorry this episode was bad
gavin has to go to the arcade i'm the
only one who didn't leave in the middle
of it
listen i only sing it out too yes second
i left it one second that's fair that's
fair oh yeah and it was only because of
your talent yeah if anything it's your
fault
i'll tell you anybody i'm happy with
that play uh nick stayed the whole time
that's true well now you did it nick you
moved the carpet with your wife you
already said that well that was the last
you were like
oh first recording okay
i was here the whole time for the first
recording
look there's something to be said though
about setting an incredibly low bar at
the beginning of something this year
it's hard to trip over yeah we'll do
well to be worse than this
that's that's a good point
and if that's not a selling point for
tuning in for the next 365 days of face
content i don't know what is it can't
get worse that means next week when you
tune in and listen to it it's going to
be at least this good but probably
like slightly better yeah we might be at
the beginning of a pretty pretty severe
dip
it only goes up from here the face story
that's right nick oh my god
uh well uh i guess i'm done
uh
nick
gavin eric you guys got anything else
you can check out store.roosterteeth.com
for all the cool face merch we have out
now go check it out i'm sure there's
some things that we didn't even know
went up uh boys of zimmer et cetera go
check it out yeah
and i'm pretty sure that the uh um [__]
sticks are on the way don't forget about
those also we've got the the metal uh
bread clips coming uh three socks we're
gonna solve a murder those aren't and i
believe
i believe the uh community christmas
album came out and uh that i i was just
starting to listen to it last night it
was very good so give that a shot too
why do you think folgers trademarked the
piece of foil that goes over the top of
their coffee
excuse me
like when you open it and it says aroma
seal
tm like what's special about their piece
of foil
i guess seals in the aroma yeah i just
feel like there's seals and everything
they don't all have fancy names
you drink a lot of folgers uh i'll drink
folgers in an emergency yeah if i've got
like old beans or something
gammy old beans i mean it's
i i'm not criticizing it it is the the
best part of waking up as they go
yes that is what they say
as someone who hand grinds your beans
eric do you ever do you have a stoop as
low as vultures uh like i guess in a
like if i have to if i'm on set and
there's coffee and that's it yeah but it
gives me a headache like it tastes like
the taste gives me a headache i think
it's just but i think that's linked to
like
that smell from like when i was a kid or
like school or something i don't think
that it's like the coffee necessarily
that gives me a headache i think it's
psychosomatic
andrew is apologizing yeah he andrew's
back and apologizing andrew are you on
mike do you want to apologize on mike
no he's he's maybe gone again yeah he's
he uh i think he might be i think he can
talk now he's just too embarrassed to
speak
i wouldn't be surprised if andrew was
able to talk for the last five minutes
andrews
andrew do you want to do the outro buddy
it's all yours
say whatever you want
well there you go andrew patton as
always a man of few words
thanks for listening
i threw the book out
oh man
i swear to god if you listen to the next
episode it will be better than this do
not
do not give up on us today it can only
get better 2022 is gonna be a good year
i swear we just had to get all the dog
[__] out of the way out the gate
last time we were talking about which
episodes people were recommending to
their friends just make sure it's not
this one
yeah never this is the
episode uh episode one of season four or
the forgotten episode as they call it
also like subscribe
bye bye bye now
hey guys minor league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
it's the bobcat and steve show andrew is
most certainly a shorts guy gavin likes
toys jeff discusses a sucky new
invention andrew's bed is broken did he
know about the canadian mcgriddle and
once again andrew does not eat the
pencil all this and more on the next
episode of face
you